---
creation date: 2023-08-28 12:52
modification date: Monday 28th August 2023 12:52:31
tag: splunk
---
# Events List

## Using events lists

Add an events list to a dashboard to give users accesses to the events, fields, and values generated by a search. An events list does not abstract or process search results like a chart or other visualization does.
### Generate an events list

The content in an events list depends on the search that you run. There are no additional data format requirements.
#### Prerequisites

Review configuration options.
#### Steps
1. From the **Search** page, run a search.
2. Select the **Events** tab to view the events list.
3. (Optional) Select **Save as > Existing Dashboard** or **New Dashboard** to add the events list to a dashboard.
4. (Optional) Use the **Format** menu or Simple XML to configure the events list.
### Configuration options

Use the **Format** menu to configure one or more of the following events list components. You can also adjust these components and make additional configurations using Simple XML.
#### Display and format options

Use the following settings to adjust events list appearance.
+ Choose an events display option.
	+ List (default): Show timestamps for each separately.
	+ Raw: Show raw events.
	+ Table: Display events as a table. This format is different from the Statistics table visualization.
+ Configure row numbers, wrapping, and maximum lines
#### Drilldown

Use the drilldown editor and/or Simple XML to enable and configure drilldown on an events list.

When configuring drilldown on an events list in Simple XML, you can specify one of the following drilldown settings to provide different segment selection options.

| Drilldown setting | Segmenting option enabled for users                              |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Full**          | Select a major segment or one or more contiguous minor segments. |
| **Inner**         | Select a single minor segment.                                   |
| **Outer**         | Select a complete major segment.                                 |
| **None**          | Disables drilldown (default)                                     | 

**Note**: Event segmentation processing for events with long single lines of text can cause browser performance issues.